---
never say
have you ever told someone that they're sensitive or that's already in thier head. this pherase are example of
psychological invalidation. when you invalidate someone's feeling you're telling them that what they think and feel is
inaccurate ,unreal and sometimes even wrong this can lead them feeling confused and fall of self-doubt. so to avoid
invalid other people's thoughts in the emotions here are 9 things you should never say to anyone. let's begin no.1 you'
re too emotional when you tell someone that you're too emotional or overly sensitive, you're emplaining that exactly how
they feel. but feeling are not measurable by any means. when emotions hit nothing is too late or too much. no2.stop
making thing up. mix in this to someone you're requesting their honest and presaption their reality. it invalidates
their feelings and need some heart confused about their own thoughts and feelings. no3. you shouldn't feel that way it's
often best to avoid using words like shouldn't or should when talk about one's feelings after all ,it's implase that
their feelings are somehow wrong which is never right. no4.out thing that in show some it's best to keep thing do
yourself,when you know you're about to say when make other person feel any better. after all ,whether you think their
problem matters or not is up to you,it's not even about you. and start of things like this ,you can often to listen to
how have to say and sitting for their point of view. no5.just stay positive toxic positive is common form psychological
invalidation that are often used to try cheer people up. however while your entation maybe good,the statement of is
often just make people feel more misunderstood. no.6 just ignore it let's face it ,advise a person to ignore something
about them is not really the best advise. instead perhaps you can say ,i can see how this is bothering you,and i'm here
for you until it's passed. and in this way you're offering your support than without dismiss your essitials. no7.i'm
sorry feel how way statements like this can do more harm than good. because this suggest that they are only hurt because
they mis-heard or misunderstood the problems. it implain that the issue is with their judgement and not because what
happened no8.everything happens for a reason. while you may say this with a good intention,you may only successd and
upset them big more. it's surely difficult fo anyone to understand or accept that things happen for reason when they're
c , struggling or feeling upset with problem it's special true if tragyd is cored. no.9 don't be such a wose or cry baby
it's not properly to say things like this to someone, lable fans and invalidate their feeling and force them to surprise
their emotions. in reality,sometimes your emotion are just control ,then ,time like that even you'll feel better if you
just treated kindness thpothy rather than protiqu and judgement
